Allow packages with multiple build-systems (separate classes) (#30738)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/build_systems/rpackage.rst

Phases
^^^^^^

> The ``RBuilder`` and ``RPackage`` base class hava a single phase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``RBuilder`` and ``RPackage`` base classes have a single phase:
```
